Being on display for me in kind of everyday life is is not something I've particularly noticed. I usually go about my day head down I'm trying to get somewhere so I'm not really paying attention to to what other people are looking at are staring at. But however in the dance world it's been a really interesting ride because when I was in high school still I was a completely different body type. I was short I was really really skinny like a stick and I had ballet companies come up to me and ask me to contact them when I graduated high school because they were interested in me being a part of their company. So then you know at age 18 I graduated high school and stuff I started contacting these people. But I had had a radical body change I kinda I went up and out so I got much taller I suddenly had boobs and a butt. And you know just parts of my my broad shoulders you know so there is just my body changed. And so I was going to these auditions and things and saying "Hey remember me from high school" and they're like "yeah so you're so lovely and wonderful in the audition but you're just not what we're looking for right now". Your company's a little shorter or you're just not the right fit for us and they were mostly say this because I was too tall but then I would need to look at the other girl on the company is the same height as me but just skinnier here. So I wasn't dumb I knew that they weren't hiring me because of my body type. And you know at the time I couldn't change that, I was trying to you know. But I can't change it was who I was it's who I am now and so now every time I going to a dance studio, I am painfully aware of you people looking at me people staring at me. And and in my head I'm thinking they think I'm not a professional dancer they think I shouldn't be wearing this leotard because it doesn't fit me how it fits everyone else and it's it's hard when when dance is your your life that's what you want to do and it it doesn't love you back you know so it's I'm on display constantly in a dance studio I'm always in front of a mirror you know judging myself and I know others are judging me too so being a part of on display is is my moment to kind of say look this is me this is my body I'm not going to change it. It is who I am and I can be virtuosic I am a professional dancer I have succeeded in what I love doing and that's just been a great experience for me.