How do I feel about being viewed in the world. I thinking most of all I don't think people really care about who I am or what I'm doing or where I'm going. I think a lot of times I feel judged and I think that the the way I act will affect their opinion of me or you know who I am . And you know like I always want to give a good impression of who I am or what I am and where I'm going but I don't think people actually really care that much in all honesty. I think people actually feel comfortable when I'm comfortable. When I'm not judging myself too much. I don't feel like I'm making a relationship uncomfortable. I think a lot of the time I feel like there's an expectation for me to be a certain way or to fit into the mold of whatever it is that I think the other person that is viewing me wants me to be. And I think sometimes a morph based off of that and I kind of try and be whatever it is that I think that that person wants me to be. But, that in the end becomes impossible because I can only be myself and I could never know what they would want me to pay. First of all I feel embarrassed and ashamed to say that I grew up pretty. And that I realized that that got me ahead and one way or another. It can only take you so far but I think I realized as a kid that. Being pretty kind of people react to you in a different way or people want to be your friend your friend right away and why. I don't know. I think I've played my prettiness sometimes. To use it in my favor. Because I think people do view others based off of looks. And I feel sometimes a lot of power being a you know 28 year old woman, If I can play up my looks it does actually get you ahead in some way and it does give opportunities in some ways. And I realize that and I realize that it's not necessarily fair. And I also realize that looks don't mean **** as well. Because I mean if you have nothing to back it up it can only take you so far. But that openness, that initial acceptance has opened doors in my life. Being viewed in performance gives me the opportunity to show myself in the way that I want to be. Gives me the time to prepare and also just my whole energy, whole body, whole self, whole passion, whole heart has gone into this my whole entire life. So whenever I have the opportunity to dance on stage most of its very,  I've done a lot of preparing before. I've meditated that day I feel like my full self and my full being. And so I feel that performing is the time where I can be my best self my true self and also just let it go and lay down and let it be whatever it is and actually that's a good representation of who I am. Even if I'm performing a work that I don't feel as connected to. Or it's not really my own vision. Or some idea that I've drawn up. It's still a reflection of who I am because I've been a part of that process or even if I wasn't a part of making that dance, it's still reflective of me and my body at least moving through space. And there's some kind of emotional or you know something you can touch. It's not just physical but you can still see inside of you know who I am and how I interpret that person or that character or just that movement in general. And how ever you live in it. Being viewed in "On Display" is probably the best  representation that I have of myself ever as a dancer and as a person. I think this work more than any other work I am fully living as I am. And I think it's because there's been so much time and there's been so much growth that's gone in to working on it. And I think I've I've grown because I've fallen down through it and I've gotten back up and I've gotten better and I've gotten stronger and I've learned that you know if you have to change its only growth.  And you know to learn something more is to gain something forever. And to tap into myself so physically and to be so in touch with my body and what it can do. And you know having my expectations for myself be pushed further than I thought I could go has been really a gift for me or to me. Because as someone that like pushes myself beyond my limits and I'm like constantly beating my own self up. To be pushed to go further and to go past my edges and what I think are my boundaries has helped me evolve. And then to be connected to a group that is unlike any other and it's not just you know dancers being around and looking good and looking pretty. That's also been an incredible eye opening experience to see what bodies in general are capable of. And how we are all different as humans like every single one of us in the world is different from one another and we all have something to say and something to give and that's what this piece is for me.
