I don't think I would ever meant to fit in think what I learned through my life is. How to put it if I want to fit in I know how to get there. I think there's only a few. The only having a disability that set me apart it with many different parts of my life being. Being a kid who is an ex race it was really interesting growing up you never really fit in anywhere anything with my disability being able to stand but also need the. Name to use a wheelchair or crutches. I was always really hard to fit in I'd never able bodied for. They're able bodied enough for like. The regular kids but I would never disabled enough for the disabled kids they kind of had the like. Figure out how to. To make my way through the world hate being cook a hot me how to code it then. To talk to. People in a certain way so that. V.. So that I could somehow. The room by them but I'm not sure if I'd ever really seen I think I'm being wound. How I want someone to see me in the world. It. Year. Yeah. Performing to me is really interesting something I was not. Really trying to do as a kid or even as a teenager it's something that I tried to break in my early twenties gave up on pretty quickly and then. Thankfully in large part due to the company. I found and I think performing is something that's really great because. Given the task and that's the only thing we had to focus in on that moment I feel like growing up in today's world. Weight lifting in today's world. You have so many things coming at you they think the beauty of performances number one not all the choices are yours necessarily and number 2 like. You can have to focus on that one thing everything else kind of falls by the wayside what age were 3 minutes before the hour. A. Something that. Really interesting that. Being on the way for me is. Tampa Bay. I don't know how I can describe it. A. Being vulnerable for being born 100 people. And I think that. Something I've never been comfortable and even now I'll tell you this performance I think can really Carly. And I think. Colonel by right but I think that. I think you have like. I think being in on display allows me to show myself that I don't normally let the people see I don't let people. Ever see really and I think it's really interesting through being on display I learned how to embrace myself for who I am 9 4:01 am not or what I can be but who I am and at present moment. Most of the choices are my own. He now anyway indeed to really. Clear representation of who I am as a person one there it's. In life or whether it's on that day. Really really vulnerable. By. Until something very helpful to beyond to kind of learn who I am through this please and I think being in 19. With all these other people who themselves are really interesting and fascinating people. A. In honor it is. A really interesting it's really interesting to me to me or how all these people have grown reading this P.. Having been in the P.. For the last couple years now in myself grow and seeing the other dancers around grow I've seen the rhetoric around how I see my body. I disable body very differently. Thank gene. Hi people around me respond differently. In. Really interesting I don't think I'll ever have an opportunity and any other performance. Q.. Be very vulnerable in public on stage. It was really scary in the beginning and still scary every performance. But the good kind of scary. I feel I go No Way I perform every day of my life. Like. Where I used to have if you like I always had to perform to kind of a feeling of comparable I think I had to. To really. Pretend sometimes to be someone I wasn't too to record a claim because I don't know who I was. Performing for me now is something that I enjoy because. In each way or anything. You know. Go for a away performing was the choice it was more of a survival mechanism.
