[Man Asian accent ] Now, (train noise)  in the Bleecker Street subway station waiting for the train to come, actually when I'm thinking about the question, 'What does it mean to be viewed or on display in the world?' I would think of subway. Subway is the situation that comes to my mind first. I feel on the platform, or on the train, the space itself almost is designed for people to look at each other. We have nothing to do, we can either look at our phones, maybe to avoid eye contact, to avoid looking at each other, or, we might actually take a look. And, actually I think that's one of the reason why I like to take the subway. Because I enjoy looking at people, I also enjoy people's looking.  (loud train noises) Why enjoy looking at people, Why enjoy being looked at? Actually, sometimes I would just take long walks on the street without having to do anything, just to look at people. Because I'm curious about people. I want to know more about people, and what is interesting about looking, instead of being engaged in a conversation, is that you don't have to embarrass yourself or others. You don't have to be create pressure (train noises) of talking to someone. Because I would say in the subway, in other public spaces (train noises), there is this natural opportunity given to us that we can look at each other, the way we are dressed, the way we dress ourselves. I also like seeing how other people interact with other people, like how they talk to each other when they are in conversation. I don't need to really be there and to be part of the conversation, but to be an observer, it's very interesting. Like you are a part of other people's life, but at the same time you are not really in their life (train noises…quiet). And for being viewed while being on display during performance, I think for sure that I enjoy being looked at more, that is initially why I want to perform, I like being a performer. Just like I just said, of why I enjoy looking at people, why I enjoy being looked at in public spaces. Because I want to expose myself to others, I want this communication without words, so my performance sometimes I feel I can even say more with even more accuracy, with more depth, than direct verbal conversation, because we are somehow divided or we have this barrier of language, each of us, even if we speak the same language, our own way of speaking can be different. And I think that's why we might misunderstand each other, but I think in arts we are speaking of universal language and that's what makes being on display in performance meaningful to me (subway noises). I remember one time when I was just dancing, well performing, just practicing, having fun at the park, at Washington Square Park, and another girl, a female dancer, she was dancing in the same area in a different corner. She was obviously a trained dancer(subway noises). After we danced separately for maybe 15 or 20 minutes I finally joined her and afterwards we talk-talk a little bit about dance, about performance, and some of the things that she said, at that time, is still influential to me. She said that, for her, the key to life performance is vulnerability. I think that this concept really speaks to my answer to this question. Vulnerability is the willingness to expose yourself (train noises get louder). Because if you put a mask, you don't want to expose yourself and there's really no point in performing. But, if you're willing to be vulnerable and you use your techniques that way, you use your techniques not to hide yourself behind those techniques, but to actually convey the most vulnerable part of yourself, I think that's what makes performance meaningful (two-note chime…train noises). And for this specific piece, displays, I think it's different from, like, me dancing on my own or my other performances in many ways because it's more like a group performance so I think it's not just about vulnerability or self-expression, there are also other elements to collaborate and to create this cohesiveness, this consistency or unity among this whole group. And I think, in some ways, maybe my biggest challenge, being part of this performance (muffled man speaking over intercom). 