This is Ugo Harris, one of Heidi Latsky's proud live sculptures of On Display. So now that I have a general idea what miss Latsky wanted, now that I think about it, it's a little hard to talk about. But I'll give you my best explanation I can give you. So you know I love what On Display creates. At first I thought, am I actually gonna be able to do this. And then when she had me doing different things I took a deep breath, found my grounding, and seriously surprised myself. Okay so let me explain. The words "On Display" to me, are there for everyone to see what you think is your every flaw. Your every human, so society says, mistake that you face and everything else has. See from when I was young until maybe a couple years until I met my breed, I had problems with individuals staring at me. Ooh that rhymed, I liked that! I didn't think it was because I was handsome or well dressed. The only thing I thought was what are they looking at? Damn, did I wipe the eye-boogers out of my eyes? I think my clothes were clean, do I have stains on them? Do they think I'm ugly or weird looking? And that's all thanks to my pop. He used to stare at me because he knew it made me uncomfortable. But when I would ask what was wrong, like why are you staring at me? His answer would be, you are what's wrong, your face, your body, everything about you is wrong. I hate to look at the little fag I call my son, didn't know I had another daughter that looks like the spitting image of his mother, nothing like me! Not even sure you belong to me! I look at you and I see every mistake I made to make you. You are a waste of a gift I should have wasted on the sheets." Along with many other comments that I could go on for years about, but I only have dos minutes. It was hard for a long time to accept what being on displayed means. Anyone staring at me for any reason, I was always thinking of the negative. They could be thinking rather than anything else, there was something wrong with, there was a bump on my face, dirt on my clothes, I don't know. But, I always thought that when individuals looked at me it was not of pleasantries it was always something negative, so that's my thoughts.