I mean the whole reason I moved to New York is because I'm a weirdo you know I kind of defy all categories and I never quite fit in anywhere so… I guess I'm a weirdo. Anonymous like a faceless Asian on the streets or on the train commuting to work going shopping in now just like everybody else. Unless I have my legs exposed then I become a disability not a disabled person but a disability. People are drawn to my prosthesis because they're plastered with stickers. They're a distraction or a deterrent… I think… I'm not sure. I don't really mind it I prefer to be unknown, and avoid questions from strangers. 
I feel energized by all the creative forces around me. I don't know how Heidi assembled such a diverse cast of characters were all so different yet so strong in our own unique way. We complement each other well. Sometimes during performance, I feel like I am a small puzzle piece trying to fit into this mystery picture that I never know how it's going to come out. And I think I like that about this piece; that it changes and we're just  different tiny little puzzle pieces. 
How I feel changes with each performance my grace physicality and vulnerability on display they're beautiful manifestations of my humanity… It's strange I enter each performance totally defenseless and build my armor during each show. Sometimes that armor is a shield; a protection from judgment.  Other times it  can be a mirror; to reflect, or to deflect my own self-doubt.  I say that because I am not a trained dancer so I always question myself but I do enjoy the choreography and being lost and found in movement. I like to harness the wind when I moved across the stage. The velocity is liberating but so are the moments of stillness and I'm myself again. 
Because On Display is site specific we were fortunate enough to perform at many glorious places. You know museums and parks. I would love to see the piece performed in somewhere industrial and gritty. But how I feel when this piece is sometimes I feel as we are walking into a dreamscape and then that dream becomes somebody else's dream and we're just different characters in somebody else's dreams and that's quite remarkable. 

I feel like a cloud bursting into a thunderstorm. It is not easy to transition from complete stillness to intense speeds. These extremes kind of break me apart I could be majestic one moment, and completely awkward the next… And that's just the essence of this piece for me. When we morph as sculptures we interrupt ourselves mid motion that's an honest moment for me and for the audience to experience just like in life you don't always move from point A to point B. Life gets interrupted, sometimes life takes a detour you go from Q X Z before you reach B and that's when you find a truth in life and that honesty is when I feel on display.
