3 dancers stand on pedestals placed throughout the space they wear white sculptural are on their bodies black shaved head lean athletic musculature. I started in the standard meditation position sitting upright with my eyes gently open and legs crossed with hands laying call me on my lap. On the square pedestal. I remain in that pose for a very long time. That weight ice slowly move into other postures stopping myself before I get to the pros. I moved from sitting to standing with my arms by my side and legs slightly apart. I moved from the intention of not being seen actually moving area female. Late 20 S.. 5 feet 10 inches. Short brown hair. Light brown eyes medium build white. She twenties 5 fee for. Mail ation. I slowly move my arms and torso standing on a pedestal I stop moving and stay in the stillness for awhile until my body almost imperceptibly shift to another pulse. Meredith forties. White female oval face long neck short asymmetrical curly hair cut. Medium height thin. Shaped muscular lex I turn around 180 degrees and begin to dance fluidly yet rapidly changing directions with nearly every movement never leaving my spot. At the end I crouch over and slowly raise my arms over my body like removing a sweater until my arms are extended over my head with fingers splayed I am still again until I move subtly and slowly for a few seconds into a new improvised shape. All sculptures open their eyes. All sculptures close their eyes drawn late twenties black F. side rigid due to cerebral palsy tall curly hair slight build medium height. I hate you Ron lower my head to the side coming up arms outstretched I turned slowly around myself on different angles facing out my leg lifts high off the ground I turn facing profile and freeze looking over my right shoulder. Donald. Mid forties Asian male seated in a wheelchair. Bilateral below the knee amputee. Different lengths stops short black hair medium build medium height my wheelchair circle slowly legs pedaling through the air after returning to where I began my legs gently lower to the ground to complete stillness. Sculptures begin morphing slowly moving interrupting themselves stopping before coming to a sculptural pose Niko stops in oppose. Me go. Mid twenties male short brown wavy hair slight frame go T. tanned skin deep set dark brown eyes average height. My hands reach out and around in a long curve back arching eyes closed. Slowing continuous spiraling ending up in the new post. Chris 27 caramel skin nose ring wow dirty blond here shop jawline lean muscles 5 feet 9 inches I move slow and steady curling into a deep lunch spiraling around myself arching while reaching. 7310 long hair touching the back of her knees current short torso long slender arms and legs. I slowly rise up from the floor in a standing position and go into a still pose. Drime. I moved quickly around myself my arms whipping in many directions of my policy left arm staying closer to my chest turning several times my leg lifts on a diagonal then pauses in rice slowly I run a spot in pas slowly stretching my bins legs I do this 4 times facing different directions to then jump straight up turn and stop and oppose. Louisa female white early thirties shoulder length Auburn hair 5 feet tall small build 2 fingers on right hand small tattoos on arms and back. Slowly I circle my hips arms wrapping and cutting diagonally across my body rolling through my back my hands move quickly to my waist as a twist to look behind myself bands my body forward and reach my right arm up and forward to arch. I sharply shift direction one arm outstretched and one arm touching my torso and freeze. To run begins his movement. Carmen mid twenties 5 foot 11 inches white female pale skin with freckles long straight brown hair. Right shoulder and short torso with long legs and arms. I melt slowly down towards the ground abruptly interrupting myself as elbows jerk me back up to St lakes 3 female sculptures begin to echo my movements. The movement repeats my arms and legs are slow and labored broken up by sporadic outbursts of frantic moves. Culminating in a moment of quick fierce movement that resembles a bird trying to fly. I stop suddenly one arm is in a bent elbow to the sky and my hand behind my head the other elbow pointing straight backwards with the hand on the hip straight strong legs. Peter early thirties 510 mixed race half Caucasian half Asian medium length dark hair uses a manual wheelchair. I abruptly tilt lift the front wheels of my wheelchair off the ground as my upper body arches backwards momentarily only resting on my back wheels I slammed the front. Of the wheels to the ground I pivot 90 degrees to the right 4 times after the fourth pivot slamming the front wheels down I hold my arch. Peter I come out of the arch repeat the 4 prohibits holding the arch on the last one. Gillian female mid thirties 56 strong athletic body with feminine curves curly red hair. I'm exotically worked my way from laying down on the floor arms crossed concealing my face and legs bound together to standing through a series of small movements standing on a diagonal facing into the sculpture court. My hips began to circle the hip circle leads to circling of the ribs that had the legs my spine undulates and folds in half my arms doing in reaching wrapping and slashing through space the movements are repeated each time getting more urgent and faster. The 4 women moving with struggle abruptly finish. Carmen joins Gillian in unison and her fast circular body movement. Peter I come out of the arch repeat the 4 pivots holding the arch on the last one. Chris I move sharply right arm left foot wraps around my ankle slice bogey sexy poses another slash around myself into a quick hold I repeat a second time. Meredith. I begin a pattern of for rapid movements in which my legs or splayed my arms are extended to extremes or wrapped tightly around my body I changed direction with every move but never leave my spot I repeat this 5 times in a row before I become a still sculpture again. Jackie late twenties female tanned skin and long brown hair in a braid athletic build medium height in an instant I joined Gillian and circular sequential hip movements that ripple through our bodies as if we are trying to expel something from the inside out. We freeze together as spontaneously as I clicked in. Sabatino white. Sixties slender balding hairy legs slightly leaning right big feet. Hands and knows I begin a slow sustained and slightly monotone spiral of the back towards the left. While descending succession early from the left hip helpless lower back left shoulder and then head. I moved quickly around myself my arm slipping in many directions of my policy left arm staying closer to my chest turning several times my leg lifts on a diagonal then pauses in rice slowly I run a spot in pas slowly stretching my bins legs I do this 4 times facing different directions to then jump straight up turn and stop and oppose. Kelly fina late twenties. 5 feet 3 inches long brown hair up in a pony tail part Asian part Caucasian brown eyes and small features dressed in white shorts and a white knit dress. Moving as fast as I can I swing my arms while rolling through my spine shrugging my shoulders I lowered to the floor then I jump up and strike a pose. Donald. I abruptly turn my chair in rapid succession sharply to the right left and center repeating my movements facing front and back 3 times. My head rolls arm swings while my chair spans until he stops suddenly. Chris. Arm throws my hips with around as I increase in speed freeze right arm moves behind me my legs and feet into a deep lunch freeze again reaching further faster there is no end freeze spiraling more even faster arms freeze above my head legs long the room ships around me my arms and torso reach down and out curling over my body. Rolling up I close my arm in ice in walk around myself pressing my pelvis forward 7 steps in 4 steps 7 steps again standing up slowly and shifting subtly into a post. Leslie white female forties blonde curls pulled back pale scarred face gnarled starfish shaped hands tattooed arms shapely legs I lunch one arm outstretched the other twisted behind my back then kick out I clutch my head and drop to the floor my poems internees strike the ground as I hurled my weight side to side I jumped up and repeat changing direction with each repetition. Kelly arms swinging in big circles I drop into a lunch lowered to the floor spinning with my arms wrapped around my body my shoulders left me at an arm circle my left arm drops to the side swinging me into turns stretching to the side willing to may sign I Papa and hold opposing complete stillness. Leslie I collapse into a crawl pens. Amy female 58 white using power wheelchair Auburn hair to the mouth with a piece of blonde in front on both sides blue eyes. I am thrashing rapidly about in my chair as if trying to escape. Right arm goes overhead to back of wheelchair continues to criss cross in front of torso arms overhead torso leans diagonally right arms go overhead from left to right. My head goes down on right side of chair near gear shift. Then pops up. Looking into my right palm. As if I am looking in a mirror. If I move quickly arms out to the side slowly bending down towards the floor one my hips move in a circular motion my arms go up in front of me and with me around my head initiates my body to turn to the left side and jump back towards the front with my right arm in front in my left arm in the back and finished.
Donald. In an instant I sharply turned to stop my chair my head rolls with outstretched arms slicing through the space with my chair spending I interrupted mid motion and return to stillness. Sculptures shift into new poses. Micah I burst into movement suddenly initiating from different parts of my body changing directions rapidly my arms respond to each impulse quickly and efficiently slicing through the space around me. Kelly swinging my arms in big circles I drop into a lunch lowering to the floor and spin around with my arms wrapped around my body my shoulders left me at an arm circle my left arm drops to the side swinging me into turns stretching to the side rolling through my spine I pop up and repeat that I jump into a pose and holds. Leslie I lunge kick out clutch my head and drop hard my poems and needs audibly strike the floor as I hurl side to side I repeat the sequence spending 4 times then crumple. Both of my arms gently move straight out words floating in space as I'm reaching for something far far away. My torso is spiraling gently and slowly from left to right and up and down as my arms continue to desperately reach out above my head until I suddenly flees. Gillian. I start circling my hips legs undulating my spine and folding into myself my arm slash and slice through space slicing across my body the movement is fallen vigorous this phrase is repeated twice changing directions until I am caught in space frozen. Beginning in a large school propose my arms extend in line with my shoulders. Arms flatten facing up. My stillness holds the space as the other sculptures break out into faster more dynamic movement. My hand rests on my chest as my other hand is soft in front of me. Continuing to slowly shift into new positions my arm slowly extend sideways like wings resisting a strong current. Almost imperceptibly this slowly flow and extend one in front and one in back of me finding stillness once again. Gillian stops. Gillian I slowly start to fold into myself the movement is thoughtful and meditative full spine undulations that circle around myself and release only to be caught again in a statuesque them fatale pose. I am the only one moving my final pose is with my arm extended straight up above me. Louisa Carmen and Tiffany stop moving. Everyone but Gillian is still. Death. I begin a pattern of for rapid movements in which my legs or splayed my arms are extended to extremes or wrapped tightly around my body I changed direction with every move but never leave my spot I repeat this 5 times in a row before I become a still sculpture again. Carmen. I joined Meredith and Gillian my movements began and finish at the same time as the other 2 dancers my movement is very fast and moves forward and backwards with strong focus shifting from front to back with arms and legs in constant motion. I abruptly stopping of pose with one arm bends the elbow to the sky and hand behind my head the other elbow pointing straight backwards with hand on hip legs are strong and straight. All 18 sculptures shift abruptly returning to sculptural poses with eyes closed. Amy moves very slowly in her wheelchair on a diagonal and then shifts her direction to move straight through the sculpture court Louisa walks beside her and then crawled onto her wrapping her body around Amy's torso. Their bodies now intertwined they calmly traverse through the sculpture court first from left to right and then from right to left. The sculptures turned away suddenly as the to pass them or begin to dance on their spots Louisa is still as Amy drapes her body over her. Victoria on her pedestal at the opposite end of the space starts moving fluidly with her as well. Chris begins moving fluidly reaching to the floor than coming up throwing his arms around arching an undulating his back. Chris stops joining the others gesturing away. Amy and Louisa continue crossing. Julian moves fluidly. Circling her back bringing her arms up to the ceiling and rolling down. Jillian stops and rejoins the gesturing scultpure. Amy and Louisa continue to traverse thes pace. Jackie and meredith move in unison with one another while the other sculptures gesture more and more quickly.
All sculptures come to stillness sharply changing gestures on the sound of a bell. After moving through the sculpture court twice Amy and Louisa returned to Amy's place in the corner of the sculpture court Louisa begins to move slowly and sensually on Amy making her way to standing they pose. Kelly begins undulating fluidly through her spine and limbs. Tiffany repeats Kelly's movement. Girondin Kelly move in a series of traveling poses across the space. Louisa counters them crossing in the other direction. Tiffany also begins traveling poses. Donald starts to move slowly undulating in and out of his wheelchair. Sabatino begins to move along the floor wrapping himself around Desmond's pedestal. Has Donald circles in his wheelchair he moves diagonally further into the sculpture court. Chris and Niko moves sideways into the space lunging and retracting along the same path. Tiffany joins them from the opposite side moving into the center and then retreating. The sculpture court started to come undone only a fuse still sculptures remain. Kelly and Duron begin to move towards their starting point their bodies swirling around one another. Peter begins moving slowly towards the center as Jackie moves out and arches back. When he passes her he pulled her into him. Arch over him she begins to move him and his wheelchair with her own weight. Then he pulls her onto his lap. Facing one another she arches and pours off him. When he reaches the ground she kicks himn lightly. they move fluidly together intertwined, responding to one another. kelly and jerron continue to travel, intertwined until they reach the other side.
Leslie opens her arms and with arms outstretched to the side walks down to the center of the space her focus straight ahead. She pauses and strikes a dramatic fashion pose. It's this 5 times walk pose hold walk. Deron lying on the floor with his feet towards the audience slowly rolls his body across the space. Peter and Jackie continued to fluently move into war and over one another punctuated by a few moments of sculptural stillness. Leslie walks to the edge of the space and stopped. With eyes closed she brings her palms together both arms still extended towards the audience. She begins to caress her arms her scarred face and the lines of her body with her starfish hands. With her left palm on her right cheek she twists her right arm across her left side and turns. Her back is to the audience Ashley repeats the sequence of caresses arms face body.
Peter pulled Jackie in they look out as their arms come up and she pours off him they separate he move slowly backwards into the periphery as she comes to stillness. Leslie the back is towards the audience as she walks with her arms at her sides she stops looks over her right shoulder holds walks and curves her right hip towards the audience as she looks over her shoulder a second time. Then she turns and stretches out one leg while bending the other into a deep crouch her hands are on the floor in fists. Slowly alternating her legs between bent and stretched rounding then arching her back, she begins an insect-like crawl. she closes her eyes as she travels looks straight ahead with each extension. At center stage she turns and continues her body facing the other direction now looking side to side.
Gillian Jackie Meredith Kelly Carmen and Chris start to move through the space slicing the air with their lives. Geron moves into the periphery of the space and joins the other sculptures in stillness. Leslie slowly returns to her place on the center of periphery. Looking back twice from kneeling poses then laying on her side her back to the audience. The 3 Constance on their pedestals Desmond Tianxi and Victoria are slowly reaching through the space. The other dancers move progressively. The group of 6 splits into groups of 3 still slicing the space diagonally opposite each other. Tiffany moves sharply and quickly across the space. Donald no longer in his wheelchair moves diagonally to the center he rolls his body along the floor raises one of his stops in the air comes down and kicks himself off into the periphery. Meredith moves into the middle of the space staying on a spot in a sharp percussive movement around herself. To DO es move around her. The group begins flying through space in lines along the length of the space flailing their limbs. They create momentary do S. before returning to solos. Drawn traverse is the space moving across and returning.
Donald rolls his body rapidly across the space. Deron forcefully throws himself across the space while flailing his limbs. He crosses the length of the periphery and back again. The others move frantically through the space cutting it with their bodies and limbs as they move. Carmen and Jackie moved towards the periphery. Their movements pull Chris Gillian and Meredith through the center of the space and off into the periphery. Meredith slowly moves to Gillian as one walks backwards the other follows they move across the length of the space caressing each other's faces. Kelly and Iran inter twined again travel across the length of the space closer to the periphery. They passed close to Leslie who remains in stillness. Julianne and Meredith begin moving furiously around one another. Kellyanne geron reach the other side the turn and repeat their movement by. Nico quickly enters the space his body moves up and down spiraling around. When he gets to the other side he stops in very gradually comes to a standing position. He starts caressing his face. He walks backwards along the length of the space. On the opposite side of the space Deron begins to follow slightly behind Niko. Really and close to the periphery traverse is the with of the space caressing her face slowly. In the middle of the space moving with precision the others form a diamond through the space then come to abrupt stillness. The sculptures in the centre break out ricocheting off the periphery Bach to center. They repeat this furious movements twice all except Kelly return to stillness in the periphery. Kelly throws herself back towards to the floor towards one side of the space this movement propels her repeatedly around the center of the space. Donald start slowly moving across the length near the far periphery of the space close to Leslie who has morphed into another prone pose. Donald rolls slowly on his back as his legs open and close. Kelly stops at center. Undulating through her back her arms her entire body. She remains center as she walks the with of the space. She comes to stillness in the periphery Donald still rolling slowly behind her. Gillian and Carmen walk side by side into the space previously filled by Kelly. Carmen is at center between the pedestals Gillian is slightly off center closer to Leslie. Carmen extends her long legs and jumps in classical Beleg movements as she moves forward down the with of the space. Kelly moves into the periphery while Donald moves in the opposite direction on the opposite side of the space. Kelly and Donald come to stillness. Gillian starts to move on a spot behind Carmen. Carmen move diagonally while Julian takes her movement forward and back until the form a line in the back. Chris moves in quick political movements to join the line his entire body moves progressively to the music. Toronto moves across the space and then lunges diagonally deeper across the space joining the line. Niko joins the line on the other side. The line begins moving progressively a few moves straight forward around the 3 constants still on their pedestals creating 2 lines. The others move forward reforming the line. Facing different directions the line moves in unison their legs widen as they get closer to the ground. Peter and Kelly enter the space from opposite sides of the periphery. Peter crosses the space with speed in a straight path he stops abruptly before passing Desmond on the pedestal. Coming to brief moments of direct stillness Peter pivot surround himself 4 times before moving quickly back across the space. He pivots his wheelchair looking back towards the space and moves backwards towards the periphery. The line begins to shake in between moments of stillness shaking then still in contorted poses the scream with their entire bodies. Kelly jumping and turning through the space joins the line while shakes in unison. Shaking and pulsing through their bodies the line breaks up the space and they all hold in stillness. Gillian moves slowly through her spine and body sensually on a spot in the center of the space. While Meredith and Sabatino begin moving on a spot in one corner of the space Louisa and Amy also begin moving together on a spot in the corner through one another. The 2 sets of sculptures continuously move with them through one another. Well Madison Sabatino begin moving on a spot in one corner of the space. The performers begin traversing the space in straight to pass as Julian continues to move in the center. Movements build an urgency around her. The traversing sculptures stop. Legal and Kelly continue to move across on either side of Gillian as she continues rippling movements through her body. Gillian stops suddenly and snaps into a strong sculptural pose her biceps engaged arms are above her head. All sculptures now including Louisa Amy and Gillian repeatedly crossed the space in Longines. As the sculptures long is closer to one another in front of Victoria's pedestal they suddenly stop in stillness of Deron begins moving percussive leaf through his entire body directly in front of Victoria's pedestal. Meredith and Sabatino enter vigorously from the side leaping on and off each other. They paused to look at each other and move towards the center in between Desmond and young she's pedestals. Continuing to move in front of each other. Iran poses every so often at center. Geron joins Meredith and Sabatino they wrapped around each other go under and over each other. They stop. The lunging sculptures continued to traverse the space getting stock for short periods of time. All lunging sculptures stop. Deron disconnects from the trio at center moving while the others quickly and deliberately walk straight paths passing him. Drones arms cut through the air around him he turns quickly and sharply around himself. As all the others sculptures one by one come to stillness in the space. Deron stops. Meredith and Kelly walked in and around the side pedestals to join Deron and the movement in unison. They cut through the space remaining on the spot. They all stop and walk around themselves again as Chris and Tiffany walk in to join the movement accelerating the movement a bit more. Niko joins the group in unison. The group continues this phrase again. How does Julianne walks in the unison the movement is at its fastest. Jackie and Carmen begin moving quickly on either side of the group. Performers on the outside of the group in the center begin their own movements as they cut through the space. A whole company moves at this moment. A flurry of different phrases either in unison or independently. They all stopped abruptly in a pose another pose. Another pose. The last Poe's. The company faces front. They turn 90 degrees to the right as of there in a line up. The turn 90 degrees to the right again. They turn 90 degrees to the right one more time. They suddenly. Move into a sculptural pose. And the audience is encouraged to walk through the sculpture court.


 
 